e2e Test documentation for FE onboarding (#1681)
hashicorp/boundary-ui: ui/admin/tests/e2e/README.md

    - [Accesses](#accesses)
    - [Software](#software)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Setup Boundary CLI](#setup-boundary-cli)
    - [Setup Boundary UI](#setup-boundary-ui)
    - [Setup EC2 instance:](#setup-ec2-instance)
    - [Setup HCP Terraform (Terraform cloud):](#setup-hcp-terraform-terraform-cloud)
    - [Setup Enos:](#setup-enos)
  - [Run tests:](#run-tests)
    - [Run Enos Scenario](#run-enos-scenario)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Destroy Enos Scenario](#destroy-enos-scenario)
  - [Developing Tests](#developing-tests)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
# Admin UI e2e tests

This test suite tests the Boundary Admin UI in an end-to-end setting. It was designed to be run in a
variety of environments as long as the appropriate environment variables are set. You can choose to
spin up your own infrastructure or use [Enos](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/tree/main/enos)
to generate it for you. More information about [Enos available here.](https://github.com/hashicorp/Enos-Docs)

The test suite uses the [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) framework.

## Prerequisites:

> You will need [Hombrebrew](https://brew.sh/) install. For secure persisting your SSH keys and tokens we recommend using 1Password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) install. For secure persisting your SSH keys and tokens we recommend using 1Password.
```
though, homebrebrew sounds cool.

Author: :rofl: sorry to many brews. Thanks for the catch!

### Accesses

If you are missing any acccess, requested [through the IT service catalog](https://hashicorp.freshservice.com/support/catalog/items).

- Doormat account: `boundary_team_acctest_dev`.
- HCP account: you will need to use Terraform cloud to spin up enos.

### Software

- Vault: [documentation how to install](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/tutorials/getting-started/getting-started-install).
- Terraform: [documentation how to install](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads).
- Github CLI: [documentation how to install](https://cli.github.com/manual/installation).
- Install Enos: [documentation how to install using homebrew](https://github.com/hashicorp/Enos-Docs/blob/main/installation.md), also binaries available [here](https://github.com/hashicorp/enos/releases).
- Install Doormat CLI: [documentation how to install](https://docs.prod.secops.hashicorp.services/doormat/cli/).
- Install AWS CLI (Optional): [documentation how to install](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html).

## Getting Started

> we will cover everything you need to setup before be able to run Enos + the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will cover everything you need to setup before be able to run Enos + the tests.
```

> we will cover everything you need to setup before be able to run Enos + the tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will cover everything you need to set up before being able to run Enos + the tests.
```

> ### Setup Boundary CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up Boundary CLI
```

Ensure the `boundary` CLI is available on the path. You can validate this by making sure this
command returns something.
```bash
which boundary
```

Otherwise, follow instructions to [install Boundary](https://developer.hashicorp.com/boundary/downloads?product_intent=boundary) or install it locally running `$ make install` within [Boundary repository](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/tree/main).

### Setup Boundary UI

Ensure you install project dependencies and playwright needs.

```bash
cd boundary-ui/ui/admin
yarn install
npx playwright install # this installs the browsers used by Playwright
```

> ### Setup EC2 instance:

Reviewer: To be clear, I don't think we're actually setting up an ec2 instance itself here

> 

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering is this aws ec2 instance set up using the account requested through doormat (`boundary_team_acctest_dev`) ?

**Region awareness:** take note of the AWS region you are setting up because we will need it later to configure enos. [More information about AWS regions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html).

**SSH Key pair:**

You need to provide an SSH Key pair for the EC2 instance. We recommend creating specific e2e SSH keys and not re-use existing ones. To differentiate them, we recommend adding `enos` to the name, i.e: `name_enos`.

[How to create EC2 SSH key pair](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ground-station/latest/ug/create-ec2-ssh-key-pair.html).

### Setup HCP Terraform (Terraform cloud):

> Login to [HCP Production env](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/). Through HCP Terraform, open Terraform cloud, or [access here](https://app.terraform.io/). Then create an API token [following this documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/users#tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to [HCP Production env](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/). Through HCP Terraform, open Terraform cloud, or [access here](https://app.terraform.io/). Then create an API token [following this documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/users#tokens).
```

> **Token awareness:** Copy your token from the box and save it in a secure location (we re). Terraform Cloud only displays the token once, right after you create it. And we will need the token later for enos configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Token awareness:** Copy your token from the box and save it in a secure location. Terraform Cloud only displays the token once, right after you create it. And we will need the token later for enos configuration.
```

Author: Nice catch Lis!!

### Setup Enos:

Enos needs some configuration variables to run the scenario successfully. [See the configuration file](https://github.com/hashicorp/boundary/blob/main/enos/enos.vars.hcl). The file has comments per each variable, but some awareness:

- `aws_region`: The AWS region you are using. Very important as mentioned within the EC2 Setup.
- `aws_ssh_keypair_name`: The name of the AWS keypair.
- `aws_ssh_private_key_path`: The path to the private key associated with your keypair.

> - `enos_user`: the user name to use for Boundary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `enos_user`: The user name to use for Boundary.
```
